Group opposite boolean task and build options together (#25518)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/extending-gradle/custom_tasks.adoc

[[sec:listing_task_options]]
=== Listing command line options

> Command line options using the annotations link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/api/tasks/options/Option.html[Option] and link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/api/tasks/options/OptionValues.html[OptionValues] are self-documenting. You will see <<#sec:declaring_task_option,declared options>> and their <<#sec:documenting_available_task_option_values,available values>> reflected in the console output of the `help` task. The output renders options in alphabetical order, except for boolean disable options which appear after their opposite option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Command line options using the annotations link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/api/tasks/options/Option.html[Option] and link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/api/tasks/options/OptionValues.html[OptionValues] are self-documenting. You will see <<#sec:declaring_task_option,declared options>> and their <<#sec:documenting_available_task_option_values,available values>> reflected in the console output of the `help` task. The output renders options in alphabetical order, except for boolean disable options which appear following the enable option.
```
